now I need you guys to understand
something we all have guilty pleasures
personally a walk to remember is one of
my favorite movies and I'm not saying
that this one is anywhere near that
because that would be blasphemy but it
does have that romantic feel good
cheesiness that if anything is worth
streaming with your girlfriend before
you Netflix and chill let me explain
we follow what country star named Liam
page who everyone's obsessed with like
we're talking Justin Bieber levels of
hype he just walks into the lobby and
all the girls just go sploosh now I
don't know of any country stars that are
this high profile because I don't listen
to too much country music after Taylor
Swift betrayed us all but the music in
the movie was pretty decent he's got
everything at his finger prints but like
the tale goes he's super depressed and
he just starts walking around everywhere
in public with a flask out which let me
say that I know many drunks and none of
us walk around with a flask my dudes
gotten so depressed with the fame that
he still carries around a Nokia flip
phone because he's holding on to
something from his hometown and then he
gets news that his best friend from high
school dies and he ends up in his
hometown now not only does he Justin
Bieber his world tour but ain't nobody
at home like and when he finally gets
there even his ex-girlfriend punches him
in the gut when he sees him again which
I thought was a little too much until
you realized he left her at the altar
like seven years ago and she ended up
being pregnant he meets his daughter for
the first time who's also ant-man sided
by the way and I thought this girl was
pretty dope she may not be the best
actress but I loved her attitude she's
named after Liam's mother Billy since
Billy had also passed away when he was
just a little boy and this girl is a
smart aleck she hates country she can
learn guitar by ear and she already
knows what's going on and who's her dad
and everything cuz like this girl's on
the sequel already and then she starts
hanging out with Liam I mean things go
well since they start bonding and she
calls him daddy and then Josie calls him
daddy too since they start getting jiggy
with it but just like Josie's last movie
things are bound to repeat themselves
Billy starts eating hot dogs hamburgers
style because of her dad's influence
which you know is a no-no and because of
that she starts choking Liam freezes
since he remembers his mom dying as a
child and he almost lets her die before
her uncle has to come in and save her we
then go through that slump that all of
these movies do where he feels he's not
fit enough he throws a pity party goes
back on tour and
his buddy has to remind him that his
family does love him and they need him
and since he still has that Nokia phone
where Josie left him a message years ago
he decides to finally respond to it and
go back now here's my problem I was
really digging the first half of the
movie as cheesy as it was until they
started dragging out the second half but
it's like they kind of ran out of time
for the ending like the fact that this
is one of the few Nicholas Sparks type
movies that is actually directed by a
woman
I thought added a lot of cool subtleties
in there that aren't in a lot of the
other ones but then Josie forgives them
in like 10 seconds and welcomes him home
oh no didn't get married but like no one
walks them down the aisle and we don't
even get to see them share their vows
the girl gets added to the world tour
even though she plays guitar like a DJ
everything gets wrapped up as they tour
the world making millions of dollars as
a big happy family but I just wish they
would have used some of that money for
the ending of this film thank you guys
for checking out this video again
thought it was a decent movie boy I
don't know I just rushed it at the end I
thought there was a lot of cool subtle
things with it but what you gonna do I'm
curious to know your thoughts on this
movie or any other ones let me know what
you want me to cover down below in the
comment section but other than that
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I will send you your own
personal Liam page vinyls